[Music]
I am in Nashville Tennessee right now
this place is not only good for good
coffee and good friends but I also used
to live here I currently live in New
York City right now but I am here in
Nashville to help out with a conference
and I'm shooting a collaboration video
and I'm hanging with old friends good
friends it's gonna be it's gonna be a
great time before that can we have any
of our friends from Asbury she's not
back to have her 5 million subscribers
KC amazing I have to redo all this yes
right now just cut back to the chocolate
for it's gonna be out of focus it dub me
over me be perfect it wasn't on focus
guys it's 1 million Sara it really feels
like something after that it's like I
mean it's great it's amazing mmm but
it's like the first one congratulations
Congrats Congrats I think I do
he has my camera hey guys is this
working for you
I hope this shots work
[Music]
running into amazing people here
together
Jeremy Tower give a 30-second hotel
purpose hotels feel alright I'm trying
to build a hotel on the Internet the
Kickstarter is live right now the
purpose to telecom everything in the
hotel will be connected to a cause or a
non-profit so by staying there you are
changing in the world in your Sleater so
check it out the purpose is telecom love
it a photographer is building a hotel in
crowdsourcing
[Music]
the cover is about so well I saw so many
amazing creative people that I knew it
was so great and now I'm gonna get ready
to go film a challenge video with
another youtuber I've never filmed a
challenge video before
[Music]
the best way that you possibly do it
though is go online Google what are the
best challenge videos mmm how to film a
challenge
step one you just start thinking step 2
watch other challenge videos Christmas
well as he has 11 million stops do you
think where you get 11 million subs from
just doing these challenges sure I think
we can Pizza challenge Pro soda
challenge mean boozled challenge there's
so many different kinds there's gross
challenges where you like food there's
challenges where you get hurt I don't I
don't want to get hurt nobody wants to
get hurt here are we mate are we cut out
for this 11 million subs step 3 fill in
the challenge video it's bigger
[Music]
whisper challenge no phrase one person
puts on headphones listens to music the
other person will say that phrase and
you have to guess what the same this is
going to be riveting we're doing it
we're doing it put that on your head and
I'm gonna have a list of phrases and I'm
gonna say the phrase and you have to
read my lips I'm just gonna be jamming
to music I do the cha-cha like a
girl so bad
ain't nobody got time for that ain't no
business hmm
it's so soul it just finished a
challenge I take it out it went really
well very well I think I can call myself
a youtuber now you can this is success
millions of subs done by Jordan it was
real you so fun
it was first challenge video personally
[Music]
that wasn't insanely fun collabo with
Jordan natural super special to me when
I was 20 years old I moved out of my
parents home from Dallas Texas and moved
out here into Nashville and I I just
have a amazing community of friends and
people out here that I am so thankful
for I find the same home and the same by
that Nashville brought to me a year ago
in New York City and so to have
Nashville in New York City both to feel
like homes is really really special
Internet Sam until next time stay peachy
okay bye well hello internet is sarah so
this is a video that i premiered in the
vlogging premiere screenings at buffer
festival by festival is a place where a
bunch of youtubers go and premiere fresh
content and oh my gosh it was it was fun
the majority of people you watch on
youtube who are a professor i hate to
break it to you but they're awesome
anyways I hope you enjoy this video let
me know if you did hit that like and
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet it's free it's completely free
and also this video was pretty special
because I got to go back to Nashville
Tennessee where I used to live and I got
to hang out with someone who means a ton
to me Casey
and then also filmed a freaking
challenge video my first challenge video
ever with Jordan and you should
definitely go watch that full challenge
video I'll link it down below go watch
it guys cuz it's amazing Jordan is so
good at this YouTube thing you need to
watch the video but yeah until next time
fam see ya see you later
see you Friday stay peachy okay I